README.md, before:

# Wisp - A Client-side Flat File CMS

> **wisp** (noun /wɪsp/):
> a delicate, thin, and sometimes twisting piece or line of something

## Demo
https://lizard-isana.github.io/wisp/ (Japanese)

## License
&copy; 2019 Isana Kashiwai ([MIT license](https://github.com/lizard-isana/wisp/blob/master/LICENSE))

## Copyrights
Wisp depend on below libraries
- [markdown-it.js](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it) ([MIT License](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it/blob/master/LICENSE))
- [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/) ([BSD License](https://github.com/highlightjs/highlight.js/blob/master/LICENSE))
- [MathJax](https://www.mathjax.org/) ([Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/mathjax/MathJax/blob/master/LICENSE))
- [c3.js](https://c3js.org/) ([The MIT License](https://github.com/c3js/c3/blob/master/LICENSE))
- [flowchart.js](https://flowchart.js.org/) ([MIT License](https://github.com/adrai/flowchart.js/blob/master/license))
- [js-sequence-diagrams](https://bramp.github.io/js-sequence-diagrams/) ([BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License](https://github.com/bramp/js-sequence-diagrams/blob/master/LICENCE))

Commit message:

markdown-it-task-lists.js

README.md, after:

# Wisp - A Client-side Flat File CMS

> **wisp** (noun /wɪsp/):
> a delicate, thin, and sometimes twisting piece or line of something

## Demo
https://lizard-isana.github.io/wisp/ (Japanese)

## License
&copy; 2019 Isana Kashiwai ([MIT license](https://github.com/lizard-isana/wisp/blob/master/LICENSE))

## Copyrights
Wisp depend on below libraries
- [markdown-it.js](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it) ([MIT License](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it/blob/master/LICENSE))
- [markdown-it-footnote](https://github.com//markdown-it/markdown-it-footnote) ([MIT License](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-footnote/blob/master/LICENSE))
- [markdown-it-task-lists.js](https://github.com/revin/markdown-it-task-lists) ([ISC License](https://github.com/revin/markdown-it-task-lists/blob/master/LICENSE))
- [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/) ([BSD License](https://github.com/highlightjs/highlight.js/blob/master/LICENSE))
- [MathJax](https://www.mathjax.org/) ([Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/mathjax/MathJax/blob/master/LICENSE))
- [c3.js](https://c3js.org/) ([The MIT License](https://github.com/c3js/c3/blob/master/LICENSE))
- [flowchart.js](https://flowchart.js.org/) ([MIT License](https://github.com/adrai/flowchart.js/blob/master/license))
- [js-sequence-diagrams](https://bramp.github.io/js-sequence-diagrams/) ([BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License](https://github.com/bramp/js-sequence-diagrams/blob/master/LICENCE))
